doc/contribute/becoming_collaborator.md, before:

# Becoming a collaborator

Active members of the community showing consistent high quality contributions,
excellent communication skills, who are excited to work on Node.js and
interested in its quality and future can become collaborators.

Individuals can be nominated as Collaborators by TSC members. Once the
nomination is approved by the TSC, the invitation to become a Collaborator is
extended to the individual. Assuming the individual accepts the invitation,
they are granted commit-access to the project.

Nominations for Collaborator Status happen through the typical TSC decision
making process. That is, to nominate one or more Collaborators, an issue
containing the names of all collaborators being nominated is created and put
on the TSC meeting agenda. The issue is approved or rejected following the
same Consensus Seeking Process used for any other issue or PR.

Individuals can self-petition the TSC for Collaborator status by submitting an
issue requesting to be put on the TSC meeting agenda. In order to be
considered however, such self-nominations must be sponsored by an existing TSC
member, after which it follows the same process as above. To sponsor a
nomination, the TSC member must indicate consent within the issue text or
associated comment thread.

## Responsibilities

### Integrating Changes

All changes should follow the [code contribution
guidelines](/contribute/code_contributions/) for pull requests,
and they are eventually accepted by following the [guidelines on integrating
changes](/contribute/accepting_contributions.html)

Exercise common sense when integrating changes. It's expected that integrated
changes will have broad consensus. Presuming the change was [properly scoped
](#scoping-features) it is rare that a change itself would be controversial.
Work to receive feedback from other [subsystem
maintainers](/about/organization/#index_md_current_collaborators) and stake
holders in the community before integrating your change.

### Issues

All collaborators should be subscribed to the GitHub issues and actively
monitoring the discussions happening in them. They should be aiming to solve
issues and integrate as many useful pull requests as possible in as timely as
a fashion as possible.

Issues are meant to track what is still left to be done, so while there may not
be a team member currently assigned to the task, leaving it open is ok as
someone in the community may come along and decide to help us.

Discussions on issues should be civil and empathetic towards the reporter and
community participating in them. The reporter has taken the time to inform
us of what they believe to be a deficiency in Node.js and even if we may not
always agree, we should still treat each other with respect.

### Participation

Collaborators communicate in IRC, they should be hanging out and answering
questions from other collaborators where possible.

## Becoming a technical steering committee member

Collaborators can be nominated to become members of the TSC following the same
nomination and approval model. However, Collaborators cannot nominate
themselves for TSC membership. An individual cannot be nominated and accepted
into the TSC without first having been nominated and accepted as a
Collaborator.

Commit message:

website: foundation launch updates
This makes a number of interim changes for the foundation launch.

1. Addition of Linux Foundation header/footer boilerplate
2. Removal of "Sponsored by Joyent" branding
3. Addition of initial Foundation member logos
4. Update to trademark policy and visual guidelines
5. Update to About/Contribution section to point to new
   dev-policy
6. Temporary pointers to io.js site on download page
7. Contact link information

doc/contribute/becoming_collaborator.md, after:

# New Node.js Foundation Development Policy

With the launch of the Node.js Foundation, the Node.js project has adopted
new [Development Poliicies](https://github.com/nodejs/dev-policy) that
supersede the older policy detailed below. Please refer to the new
Development Policy for current details on becoming a collaborator within the
Node.js project.

# Becoming a collaborator

Active members of the community showing consistent high quality contributions,
excellent communication skills, who are excited to work on Node.js and
interested in its quality and future can become collaborators.

Individuals can be nominated as Collaborators by TSC members. Once the
nomination is approved by the TSC, the invitation to become a Collaborator is
extended to the individual. Assuming the individual accepts the invitation,
they are granted commit-access to the project.

Nominations for Collaborator Status happen through the typical TSC decision
making process. That is, to nominate one or more Collaborators, an issue
containing the names of all collaborators being nominated is created and put
on the TSC meeting agenda. The issue is approved or rejected following the
same Consensus Seeking Process used for any other issue or PR.

Individuals can self-petition the TSC for Collaborator status by submitting an
issue requesting to be put on the TSC meeting agenda. In order to be
considered however, such self-nominations must be sponsored by an existing TSC
member, after which it follows the same process as above. To sponsor a
nomination, the TSC member must indicate consent within the issue text or
associated comment thread.

## Responsibilities

### Integrating Changes

All changes should follow the [code contribution
guidelines](/contribute/code_contributions/) for pull requests,
and they are eventually accepted by following the [guidelines on integrating
changes](/contribute/accepting_contributions.html)

Exercise common sense when integrating changes. It's expected that integrated
changes will have broad consensus. Presuming the change was [properly scoped
](#scoping-features) it is rare that a change itself would be controversial.
Work to receive feedback from other [subsystem
maintainers](/about/organization/#index_md_current_collaborators) and stake
holders in the community before integrating your change.

### Issues

All collaborators should be subscribed to the GitHub issues and actively
monitoring the discussions happening in them. They should be aiming to solve
issues and integrate as many useful pull requests as possible in as timely as
a fashion as possible.

Issues are meant to track what is still left to be done, so while there may not
be a team member currently assigned to the task, leaving it open is ok as
someone in the community may come along and decide to help us.

Discussions on issues should be civil and empathetic towards the reporter and
community participating in them. The reporter has taken the time to inform
us of what they believe to be a deficiency in Node.js and even if we may not
always agree, we should still treat each other with respect.

### Participation

Collaborators communicate in IRC, they should be hanging out and answering
questions from other collaborators where possible.

## Becoming a technical steering committee member

Collaborators can be nominated to become members of the TSC following the same
nomination and approval model. However, Collaborators cannot nominate
themselves for TSC membership. An individual cannot be nominated and accepted
into the TSC without first having been nominated and accepted as a
Collaborator.
