doc/about/resources/index.md, before:

# Resources

## Logo Downloads

 Please review the [trademark policy](/about/trademark/) for information about permissible use of Node.js&reg; logos and marks.

<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="10" class="logos">
  <tr>
    <td bgcolor="#FFFFFF">[![Node.js dark](/images/logos/nodejs.png)](/images/logos/nodejs-light.eps)</td>
    <td bgcolor="#333333">[![Node.js dark](/images/logos/nodejs-dark.png)](/images/logos/nodejs-dark.eps)</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>[Node.js standard EPS](/images/logos/nodejs-light.eps)</td>
    <td>[Node.js reversed EPS](/images/logos/nodejs-dark.eps)</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td bgcolor="#7fbd42">[![Node.js dark](/images/logos/nodejs-green.png)](/images/logos/nodejs-green.eps)[](/images/logos/nodejs-dark.eps)</td>
    <td bgcolor="#ffffff">[![Node.js dark](/images/logos/nodejs-black.png)](/images/logos/nodejs-black.eps)</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>[Node.js bright EPS](/images/logos/nodejs-green.eps)</td>
    <td>[Node.js 1 color EPS](/images/logos/nodejs-black.eps)</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td bgcolor="#ffffff" class="jstm">[![JSTM dark](/images/logos/js-black.svg)](/images/logos/js-black.eps)</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>[JS dark EPS](/images/logos/js-black.eps)</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>

## Desktop Background

![Screensavers](/images/logos/monitor.png)

Select your screen resolution: <span class="desktops">[1024 x 768](/images/logos/nodejs-1024x768.png)  | [1280 x 1024](/images/logos/nodejs-1280x1024.png) | [1440 x 900](/images/logos/nodejs-1440x900.png) | [1920 x 1200](/images/logos/nodejs-1920x1200.png) | [2560 x 1440](/images/logos/nodejs-2560x1440.png)</span>

Commit message:

website: foundation launch updates
This makes a number of interim changes for the foundation launch.

1. Addition of Linux Foundation header/footer boilerplate
2. Removal of "Sponsored by Joyent" branding
3. Addition of initial Foundation member logos
4. Update to trademark policy and visual guidelines
5. Update to About/Contribution section to point to new
   dev-policy
6. Temporary pointers to io.js site on download page
7. Contact link information

doc/about/resources/index.md, after:

# Resources

## Logo Downloads

 Please review the [trademark policy](/about/trademark/) for information about permissible use of Node.js&reg; logos and marks.

 Guidelines for the visual display of the Node.js mark are described in
 the [Visual Guidelines](/images/foundation-visual-guidelines.pdf).

<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="10" class="logos">
  <tr>
    <td bgcolor="#FFFFFF">[![Node.js dark](/images/logos/nodejs.png)](/images/logos/nodejs-light.eps)</td>
    <td bgcolor="#333333">[![Node.js dark](/images/logos/nodejs-dark.png)](/images/logos/nodejs-dark.eps)</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>[Node.js standard EPS](/images/logos/nodejs-light.eps)</td>
    <td>[Node.js reversed EPS](/images/logos/nodejs-dark.eps)</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td bgcolor="#7fbd42">[![Node.js dark](/images/logos/nodejs-green.png)](/images/logos/nodejs-green.eps)[](/images/logos/nodejs-dark.eps)</td>
    <td bgcolor="#ffffff">[![Node.js dark](/images/logos/nodejs-black.png)](/images/logos/nodejs-black.eps)</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>[Node.js bright EPS](/images/logos/nodejs-green.eps)</td>
    <td>[Node.js 1 color EPS](/images/logos/nodejs-black.eps)</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td bgcolor="#ffffff" class="jstm">[![JSTM dark](/images/logos/js-black.svg)](/images/logos/js-black.eps)</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>[JS dark EPS](/images/logos/js-black.eps)</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>

## Desktop Background

![Screensavers](/images/logos/monitor.png)

Select your screen resolution: <span class="desktops">[1024 x 768](/images/logos/nodejs-1024x768.png)  | [1280 x 1024](/images/logos/nodejs-1280x1024.png) | [1440 x 900](/images/logos/nodejs-1440x900.png) | [1920 x 1200](/images/logos/nodejs-1920x1200.png) | [2560 x 1440](/images/logos/nodejs-2560x1440.png)</span>
