# Node.js Advisory Board Charter

## 1. Background

The Node.js open source project is continuing its rapid growth of adoption in
the market. Given the large numbers of contributors, users, and companies with
a stake in the future of the project, the project leadership is looking to
supplement the current governance and contribution mechanisms with an advisory
board, as part of its long-term commitment to create a more open governance
model.

## 2. Purpose

### 2.1

The primary purpose of the Node.js Advisory Board is to advise Joyent and the
Node.js project core committers team leadership on matters related to
supporting the long-term governance, structure, and roadmap of the Node.js open
source project. The following main areas are included in this charter:

  * Provide a forum for individuals, users, and companies to discuss the issues
    under the scope listed below.
  * Provide guidance and input to leadership, and where possible, present a
    consistent and consolidated opinion from the broader Node.js community.

### 2.2

The Node.js Advisory Board is not:

  * Intended to serve as an authoritative governance board. The Node.js
    Advisory Board advises, but does not manage the Node.js project core
    committers team leadership.
  * Intended to replace existing mechanisms for community input, governance,
    or contribution.
  * Intended to assume a formal, fiduciary role with respect to the project.
    The Node.js Advisory Board members will not be asked to provide funds to
    the project, assume liabilities with respect to the project or their
    activities, or assume responsibility for enforcing either trademarks or
    Node.js Advisory Board recommendations.

## 3. Scope

### 3.1

The Node.js Advisory Board is expected to provide input and formal
recommendations regarding the following areas:

  * Node.js project long term roadmap
  * Node.js project policies and procedures around maintenance, contributions,
    core team membership and governance.
  * Node.js project policies and procedures around intellectual property,
    trademark, and licensing
  * Node.js project release schedules

## 4. Meetings and Memberships

### 4.1 General

  * The Node.js Advisory Board will have 13 members
  * The Node.js core committers project lead: TJ Fontaine
  * 2 seats for the top core technical contributors
  * Up to 8 additional seats: 4 corporate seats, 4 “user” seats
  * One curator seat
  * One Open Source Software guidance seat
  * No fee or sponsorship is required for membership
  * The membership term will last 12 months. With the exception of the Project
    Lead, all members can serve a maximum of two consecutive terms

### 4.2

The selection process is intended to be open, transparent, and guided by
objective criteria for membership.

### 4.3

The Curator shall prepare an agenda for and preside over regular meetings of
the Node.js Advisory Board. These meetings shall occur as frequently as the
Node.js Advisory Board determines is in the project’s best interest, but no
less than quarterly.

### 4.4

A member of the Node.js Advisory Board may be removed by a resolution of the
Node.js Advisory Board supported by more than two thirds of its membership.

### 4.5

The Node.js Advisory Board may fill any vacancy arising by removal or
resignation by a simple majority vote to fill the remainder of the term of the
vacating member.

### 4.6

The rules of election and membership outlined in this section may be varied by
a resolution of the Node.js Advisory Board supported by more than two thirds of
its voting membership.

### 4.7

All project contributors are welcome to observe at Node.js Advisory Board
meetings.

## 5. Selection Process

### 5.1 Contributors

Two seats will be granted to the top technical contributors, as measured by
non-trivial pull requests as determined by the core contributor team that have
been merged into the master in the previous 6 months.  These seats will be
reserved for active individual contributors who are neither employees of
Joyent, Inc. nor employees of companies that hold a corporate seat.

### 5.2 Corporate seats

Nomination is restricted to companies for whom all three of the following are
true:

  * Are in the top 5 companies in terms of non-trivial pull requests merged
    into the master in the past six months as measured by contributions by the
    entire organization.
  * Have one or more employees for whom a key component of their job
    description is to contribute to Node.js and/or make significant
    contributions to the Node.js source code base.
  * Have committed to integrate Node.js into widely used corporate products in
    a manner consistent with Core Criteria listed in Section 8 below.

### 5.3

Once nominations haves been closed, selection of corporate seats will be made
by a vote by eligible contributors. Eligible contributors are those who remain
active as a contributor and have had at least one non-trivial pull request
merged to master in the previous six months.

### 5.4 User seats

These seats are for organizations that are using Node.js. To be nominated, an
end-user company must currently be using Node.js in production and have
published a use case on the Node.js website.  Once nominations have been
closed, selection will be made by a vote by eligible contributors. Eligible
contributors are those who are currently active and have had at least one
non-trivial pull request merged to master in the past six months.

## 6. Operation

### 6.1

The Node.js Advisory Board is authorized to seek advice and counsel from other
interested parties and invited experts as appropriate.

### 6.2

Any outside party wishing to bring an issue before the Node.js Advisory Board
may do so by emailing the Node.js Advisory Board at
[advisoryboard@nodejs.org](mailto:advisoryboard@nodejs.org).

### 6.3

The Node.js Advisory Board shall provide transparent and timely reporting
(through any mechanism it deems appropriate) to the Node.js community at large
on all of its activities, subject to the right of any individual to designate
their comments and the ensuing discussion as "in confidence," in which case the
public report shall contain only a note of the request and an agreed summary
(if any) of the substance.

### 6.4

The Node.js Advisory Board is being formed at the discretion of Joyent.  Joyent
alone may decide to terminate the Node.js Advisory Board in its sole
discretion; provided however, that Joyent shall first consult the Node.js
Advisory Board and Curator.

### 6.5

The Node.js Advisory Board and its members shall abide by appropriate antitrust
guidelines.

## 7.  Open Governance Principles

The Node.js Advisory Board will formulate recommendations in conjunction with
the following open governance principles:

  * Open Contributions: anyone should be able to participate and contribute.
    All bugs and tasks will be tracked in a public tracker and all of the
    source code and all of the tools needed to build it will be available under
    an open license permitting unrestricted use.
  * Open technical meritocracy: technical merit over pride of authorship. Code
    is contributed for the express purpose of advancing technologies relevant
    to the project, effectively separating technology advancement from
    individual or commercial intent.
  * Open design: Roadmaps are discussed in the open, and designs receive input
    from all committers and contributors.
  * Influence through contribution: organizations and individuals gain
    influence over the project through contribution.
  * Open Licensing: code is licensed under the MIT license.

## 8.  Core Criteria

Core Criteria will generally cover such areas as: use of standard APIs, testing
harness, quality assurance, upstream contribution models, and alternative
distributions.

As Core Criteria will not be fully defined when the initial Node.js Advisory
Board membership is formulated, it is understood that there is a possibility
that certain members of the initial Node.js Advisory Board may not agree with
the Core Criteria when they are fully defined or may have products/offerings
that are not in compliance with the Core Criteria at the time they are
finalized. In this case, the corporate members will either agree to become
compliant within a specified timeframe or else resign their Node.js Advisory
Board position.  Read more about the announcement
[https://www.joyent.com/blog/node-js-advisory-board](https://www.joyent.com/blog/node-js-advisory-board).

Please help us improve this draft by sending your comments and feedback to
[governance@nodejs.org](mailto:governance@nodejs.org).

The source for this document can be found [in this
repository](https://github.com/joyent/node-website/tree/master/doc/about/advisory-board).
