doc/foundation/index.md, before:

# Node.js Foundation

The Node.js Foundation's mission is to enable widespread adoption and help accelerate development of Node.js and other related modules though an open governance model that encourages participation, technical contribution, and a framework for long term stewardship by an ecosystem invested in Node.js' success.

## Overview

<iframe class='center' src="//www.slideshare.net/slideshow/embed_code/key/gmABh2vHJx5OcI"
        width="425" height="355"
        frameborder="0" marginwidth="0" marginheight="0"
        scrolling="no"
        style="border:1px solid #CCC; border-width:1px; margin-bottom:5px; max-width: 100%;" allowfullscreen>
</iframe>

<div style="text-align:center; margin-bottom:5px">
    <strong>
        <a  href="//www.slideshare.net/NodejsFoundation/node-foundation-membership-overview-20150505"
            title="Node.js Foundation Membership Overview 20150505"
            target="_blank">
            Node.js Foundation Membership Overview 2015-05-05
        </a>
    </strong> from <strong>
        <a href="//www.slideshare.net/NodejsFoundation" target="_blank">
            Node.js Foundation
        </a>
    </strong>
</div>

## Timeline

* Feb 10: Public announcement at Node.js Summit
* Feb-May: Create By-laws and legal documents
* Feb-June: Add additional Foundation members
* May: Merge Node.js and io.js
* May-June: Transition Node.js core team (TSC) processes
* June: Launch Foundation with initial members
* June-July: Transition github, social media & website to Foundation
* July-Aug: Establish initial foundation board
* July-Aug: Transition Node.js AB to Foundation Board and Community WG
* Aug-Sept: Hire Director and other contractors/staff

## Core documents

- [Technical steering committee (TSC) charter](https://github.com/joyent/nodejs-advisory-board/blob/master/governance-proposal/TSC-Charter-Draft.md)
- [Governance docs](https://github.com/joyent/nodejs-advisory-board/tree/master/governance-proposal)
- [By-laws](http://f.cl.ly/items/2R3W2h3M343O2Y101808/nodejs-foundation-bylaws-draft-2015-may05.pdf)
- [Membership agreement](http://f.cl.ly/items/0N1m3x0I3S2L203M1h1r/nodejs-foundation-membership-agreement-2015-march-04.pdf)
- [Certificate of incorporation](http://f.cl.ly/items/2b1b1o0v1e1u2i1L2w1a/nodejs-foundation-certificate-of-incorporation-2014-august-01.pdf)

Commit message:

website: foundation launch updates
This makes a number of interim changes for the foundation launch.

1. Addition of Linux Foundation header/footer boilerplate
2. Removal of "Sponsored by Joyent" branding
3. Addition of initial Foundation member logos
4. Update to trademark policy and visual guidelines
5. Update to About/Contribution section to point to new
   dev-policy
6. Temporary pointers to io.js site on download page
7. Contact link information

doc/foundation/index.md, after:

# Node.js Foundation

The Node.js Foundation's mission is to enable widespread adoption and help accelerate development of Node.js and other related modules though an open governance model that encourages participation, technical contribution, and a framework for long term stewardship by an ecosystem invested in Node.js' success.

## Contact

For additional information about the Node.js Foundation, including questions about becoming a member, please send an email to
<a href="mailto:info@nodejs.org?subject=Information">info@nodejs.org</a>.

For questions about the use of the Node.js&reg; trademark, please send an
email to <a href="mailto:trademark@nodejs.org?subject=Trademark">trademark@nodej.org</a>.

## Overview

<iframe class='center' src="//www.slideshare.net/slideshow/embed_code/key/gmABh2vHJx5OcI"
        width="425" height="355"
        frameborder="0" marginwidth="0" marginheight="0"
        scrolling="no"
        style="border:1px solid #CCC; border-width:1px; margin-bottom:5px; max-width: 100%;" allowfullscreen>
</iframe>

<div style="text-align:center; margin-bottom:5px">
    <strong>
        <a  href="//www.slideshare.net/NodejsFoundation/node-foundation-membership-overview-20150505"
            title="Node.js Foundation Membership Overview 20150505"
            target="_blank">
            Node.js Foundation Membership Overview 2015-05-05
        </a>
    </strong> from <strong>
        <a href="//www.slideshare.net/NodejsFoundation" target="_blank">
            Node.js Foundation
        </a>
    </strong>
</div>

## Timeline

* Feb 10: Public announcement at Node.js Summit
* Feb-May: Create By-laws and legal documents
* Feb-June: Add additional Foundation members
* May: Merge Node.js and io.js
* May-June: Transition Node.js core team (TSC) processes
* June: Launch Foundation with initial members
* June-July: Transition github, social media & website to Foundation
* July-Aug: Establish initial foundation board
* July-Aug: Transition Node.js AB to Foundation Board and Community WG
* Aug-Sept: Hire Director and other contractors/staff

## Core documents

- [Technical steering committee (TSC) charter](https://github.com/joyent/nodejs-advisory-board/blob/master/governance-proposal/TSC-Charter-Draft.md)
- [Governance docs](https://github.com/joyent/nodejs-advisory-board/tree/master/governance-proposal)
- [By-laws](http://f.cl.ly/items/2R3W2h3M343O2Y101808/nodejs-foundation-bylaws-draft-2015-may05.pdf)
- [Membership agreement](http://f.cl.ly/items/0N1m3x0I3S2L203M1h1r/nodejs-foundation-membership-agreement-2015-march-04.pdf)
- [Certificate of incorporation](http://f.cl.ly/items/2b1b1o0v1e1u2i1L2w1a/nodejs-foundation-certificate-of-incorporation-2014-august-01.pdf)
